Forecasters (T - intuition of time) 28

Forecasters - a person with a developed intuition, which allows him to penetrate his thoughts in the past or the future and predict the outcome of certain events. He characterized dissatisfaction reality and a desire to change it. Therefore, it tends to self-perfection and is never satisfied with the. Hence - increased requirements for self and others. In search of elusive harmony is internally inconsistent and prone to constant doubt, because of which frequently shifts its attention and distracted by new ideas or business. Phenomena of interest of the world, trying to understand its patterns and predict future developments. Tends to reflections on the laws of the universe, was interested in the moral and philosophical or religious problems, the search for truth and harmony in the world around them. This is quite an original person, but because of the amorphous temperament, the unpredictability and uncertainty in meeting its obligations often causes polar assess their personality.

Peacemaker (R - Ethics relations) 26

Peacemaker - considerate person who is not peculiar ambition. Peaceable, sentimental and sensitive. Good and compliant. Knows how to smooth out misunderstandings and to maneuver in the relationship. He is well versed in people and easy to set the desired distance in dealing with them. To enter or change the relationship, guided by the interests of others more than their own. He is quite forgiving of other people's weaknesses and is inclined to make compromises for the sake of good relations, and his kindness is often abused. Suffers from a lack of willpower, perseverance and initiative.

LOGICS (L - structural logic) 21

Logic - a person with well-developed analytical thinking. It is valued logical arguments. Strives for order in everything, organizing, structuring and categorization. He skillfully planning their work, draw up plans and schedules. Very patient, conscientious, scrupulous and meticulous in his work. That - people methodical, balanced, prefer to prepare everything in advance. He needs a quiet, secluded setting for reflection. Induce all be analyzed. Do not trust the assumptions, not backed up by facts and figures. Lives more reason not inclined to succumb to feelings at the expense of expediency and common sense. Quite negibok in the relationship.

PROFESSIONAL (P - business logic) 20

Professional - this is a good specialist, constantly improve their business competencies. He is industrious, energetic and conscientious. For him all you can rely on. Respects primarily benefit, usefulness, quality, punctuality, order and precision in business. Persistent and consistent. Because of this, he often had gradually completed another's work. Trusts only the experience, as well as the facts and verified information. Needs a certain distance in communication, not to fall into the emotional relationship between partners. Not inclined to compromise, but makes no conflicts, so in extreme cases can go on temporary assignment in the affairs or relationships. Has difficulty in expressing their feelings, so the communication may look dry or cold person.

FANTAZER (I - Intuition opportunities) 17

Dreamer - is very curious, inwardly rebellious people. Warmly defends its intellectual convictions, but yielding and othodchiv in practical and material matters. Has a strong associative-shape perception. Full of ideas and proposals are not very practical. Smart and resourceful. Quickly notice the relationship between seemingly different phenomena. Always sees many options for solving problems and can solve them quite a surprise for others ways. Quite impulsive, despite the obsession with any new idea, he did not always have the patience to bring begun before the end and it often interferes with achieving life goals. Have a distaste for monotony, routine, patterns and regulations. Continuing in opposition to the existing order, reluctant to compromise on that principle for him, but may lose interest in the situation if it can not be solved quickly and switch to something else.

ROMANTIC (E - Ethics of emotions) 14

Romantic - friendly, but very vulnerable, emotional and contradictory man. Strongly dependent in communicating with others on their own likes and dislikes, and related experiences, but tries to conceal it from others. He may have a strong influence on other manifestations of strength and depth of their feelings. Knows how to raise their spirit and mood, entertain any idea, but such behavior from him is not a deliberate tactic. Romantic does not aspire to power, rarely poses a specific target of a practical nature. Often disappointed in the objects of his sympathy, but can not live without internal ideals. He suffers from mood swings and lack of confidence.

WINNER (F - force sensing) 11